HIGHTOP FINANCIAL (**"HIGHTOP"**) PROVIDES TO YOU CERTAIN RIGHTS TO USE THE UNDERSCORE PROTOCOL SOFTWARE AT https://github.com/underscore-finance/underscore-protocol (THE **"LICENSED SOFTWARE"**) UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE (**"LICENSE"**). THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE IS PROHIBITED.

BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU ARE ACCESSING AND USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY (SUCH AS YOUR EMPLOYER) OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT ENTITY TO THIS LICENSE. IN THAT CASE, "YOU" AND "YOUR" WILL REFER TO THAT ENTITY. TO THE EXTENT THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE CONFLICT WITH ANY OTHER TERMS BETWEEN YOU AND HIGHTOP, THIS LICENSE SUPERSEDES SUCH OTHER TERMS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE.

### 1. Limited License Grant

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, including without limitation the restrictions set forth in Section 2, Hightop hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable and non-sublicensable right and license to access and use the Licensed Software during the Term for the purpose of to build dApps within the Underscore ecosystem and to serve the Underscore protocol (the **"Purpose"**).

### 2. Restrictions

You may only use the Licensed Software for the Purpose. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Hightop, you will not, and will not permit or authorize third parties to: (a) use the Licensed Software in any way not expressly permitted under this License (including without limitation forking the Licensed Software for use outside of the Underscore protocol); (b) disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any of the Licensed Software, except to the extent any such activity is not permitted to be restricted under applicable law; (c) circumvent or disable any copy-protection, security, or related features or measures in the Licensed Software; or (d) transfer, sublicense, frame, mirror, sell, rent, lend, lease, or otherwise distribute Licensed Software to any third party, or otherwise allow any third party to use the Licensed Software. You shall not use the Licensed Software on a protocol other than the Underscore protocol without Hightop’s express prior written consent.

### 3. Termination

This License will commence on the date of your acceptance of the License in connection with the use of the Licensed Software and will continue in full force and effect until terminated by Hightop. Hightop may terminate this License if you use the Licensed Software for purposes outside of the Purpose upon written notice to You. Upon termination or expiration of this License, the License terminate. In the event that Hightop terminates this License, this sentence of Section 3 and Sections 4, 5, and 6 will survive the termination of this License.

### 4. Feedback

You may elect to provide suggestions, information, comments (including for enhancements, functionality or clarification) or other feedback to the Licensed Software (**"Feedback"**) to Hightop. If you choose to submit Feedback, you agree that Hightop is free to use it without any restriction or obligation, financial or otherwise to you or any third party.

### 5. Disclaimer

HIGHTOP OFFERS THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

### 6. Limitation on Liability

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL HIGHTOP BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, EVEN IF HIGHTOP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. HIGHTOP’S TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER THIS LICENSE TO YOU WILL NOT EXCEED $100.

### 7. General

You may not assign or transfer this License, by operation of law or otherwise, without Hightop’s prior written consent, and any attempt by you to do so, without such consent, will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this License is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of each of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. If any provision of this License is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, given the fundamental intentions of the parties, and the remaining provisions of this License will remain in full force and effect. This License is the complete and exclusive agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and understandings, both written and oral, with respect to its subject matter. This License may be amended or modified only by a written document executed by duly authorized representatives of the parties. Nothing in this License will be construed to create a partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between the parties. Neither party will have the power to bind the other or to incur obligations on the other’s behalf without such other party’s prior written consent. Except as expressly set forth in this License, the exercise by either party of any remedy under this License will be without prejudice to its other remedies under this License or otherwise. Either party’s failure to enforce any provision of this License will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other provision. No waiver of any provision of this License will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party granting the waiver. This License will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws that would lead to the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. This License will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to or application of conflicts of law rules or principles. Any dispute, controversy, difference or claim arising out of or relating to this License, including the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination thereof or any dispute regarding non-contractual obligations arising out of or relating to it shall be referred to and finally resolved by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language and the place of arbitration shall be in Wilmington, Delaware. The number of arbitrators shall be one. The decision of the sole arbitrator to any such dispute, controversy, difference or claim shall be final and binding upon both parties. If any litigation or arbitration is necessary to enforce the terms of this License, the prevailing party will be entitled to have their attorney fees paid by the other party. Each party waives any right it may have to assert the doctrine of forum non conveniens, to assert that it is not subject to the jurisdiction of such arbitration or courts or to object to venue to the extent any proceeding is brought in accordance herewith.